README:
- transparent logo
- specify how to install the package in README -> push to pip install
- add to README/documentation:
    - what problem does the library solve?
    - can i bring my own nn? -> only pytorch module
    - which bandit algorithms are available?
    - which bandit algorithm to choose?
    - high level documents: API descriptions
    - picture of results
    - rigorous description of experiments in documentation

example/linear.ipynb:
- what happens if max_epochs > 1? -> Warning: we only train on a single epoch.
- possibly provide a LinearUCBBanditModule and LinearTSBanditModule extending from the LinearBanditModule
- how to do inference?
- how do i distinguish between what is part of the benchmark and part of the example? -> more comments in dataset + seperate examples in notebooks + also a documentation?
- maybe put datasets into specific "benchmarking" sub-directory

how to reinstantiate an existing network that is passed?
- pass a class in constructor
- and pass weights in constructor
- model might have to be stored in a specific way
- overwrite to load from checkpoint could take another argument?

open source: how to contribute?
- branch protection rules
- improve code coverage up to 80% increasing from 60% every week

online learning:
- we dont do online learning: refer to papers that talk about delayed feedback
- but we need to update the train_step to only take selected action and its reward! also adjust notebook, possibly create a environment class for running experiments?

neuralUCB:
- probably remove the train_freq because the Dataset outside handles mini batches
- need history for retraining from scratch but put it in own module that can be factored out
- also don't pass a class instance but a constructor/type of the class
- different options:
  - keep whole history
  - do sliding window
  - dont use any history
  => strategy pattern provided by user#
- history object
  - in memory
  - not in memory (but we dont actually implement this)
  => strategy pattern provided by users